Use this file to write your answer to Stage 2 of the firmware tasks.

Question 1:
 
CAN's main desirable properties that make it a top choice for Redback's numerous departments is that it allows for multi master
connections, meaning that different ECUs/peripherals can communicate to each other. It also has a priority system to ensure no interruption of data.
Protocols like SPI has a master-slave system, where only one controller controls all communications. This multi master system is beneficial as the 
different systems in the Redback vehicle need to communicate to each other, (e.g. Embedded Systems' electronics communicating to DAQ's electronics for 
data acquisition and to AV's electronics for live autonomous decision making).
CAN also has robust error handling mechanisms (there are 5 to be exact) that is beneficial for improving the system and bugfixing. CAN is also fault tolerant,
meaning it continues to run even if a connection/node fails. Not only will this prevent major system failures (which can clearly be dangerous in the context of motorsport),
but since data will continue to be collected even in the event of a fault, debugging and fixing can be made easier. In contrast, USB is not as fault tolerant and may fail in situations
where CAN continues to run.
In addition, CAN's relatively low cost and simple wiring allow for easy maintenance. 

CAN's disadvantages include having limited space for data payloads compared to other protocols. CAN is limited to 8 bytes while CAN-FD is limited to 64. This can be an issue if a system requires many 
connections. CAN also has a relatively slow data transfer rate (up to 1Mbps for CAN and 5Mbps for CAN-FD), which becomes a problem if alot of data needs to be communicated
between systems. However, these disadvantages are outweighed by the advantages, or are not that relevant (e.g the number of systems in the vehicle communicating through CAN likely does 
not exceed the limits), which is why Redback's numerous departments use CAN.